The Norse Fog and MonstersThe First of the Long BoatsThe seas had become rough again as the ship tossed about the waves of the darkened blue water of the Northern Seas.  Sedison assured them all that they were on the right course as he checked his numerous instruments again and again.  The light from Fiddle had once again been obscured by the dark black screen of clouds above.But it was not the course that Copernicus was worried about so much as who they might run into in this terror of a storm.  There was no rain, and had not been any for at least two days now, which seemed strange to him.  He thought that perhaps this was the work of someone’s particular skill.Indeed, he was correct, although he didn’t know it at the time.Not before long, Hereck called out from the crow’s nest, to the crew below, his voice barely audible above the roaring wind, "A ship! A ship!"The ship, from what Copernicus could see, flew black sails, and as it came closer, Copernicus could see the skull and bones that marked the ship’s black flag.  "Pirates!" yelled Hereck at the top of his voice.  Immediately, he climbed down to the deck of the shipCopernicus and Sedison walked to the side of the boat and looked on towards the horizon.  Sure enough, it was a ship.  In fact, if it had been any darker or raining, Copernicus would have almost cetainly mistaken it for a sea dragon.  The bough of the ship had the head of a dragon carved into it, and the oars that stretched out from the sides like numerous, thin arms.Copernicus thought for a moment and then told Sedison, "I don’t believe that’s a pirate ship.""What makes you postualte that?" asked Sedison in reply."Pirate ships don’t look like that.  This boat belongs to someone else, though I don’t know who.  I suppose its just more of a hunch than anything," said Copernicus quietly, the last part more to himself than Sedison.Sedison had never trusted hunches.  He preferred facts---hard facts.  Until he saw the owners of the ship itself, he would not believe that it was or was not pirates.  There was no sense in guessing.  He didn’t tell Copernicus this though, he knew enough about Sedison to already realize this fact.Long moments passed as the ship neared them.  Copernicus had had everyone on the ship douse lights and put out lamps, in the hopes that the ship might pass in the dark night without seeing them.  It was too late he realized.  The ship was heading directly for them.  They could see torches being lit.  Copernicus knew that there was no sense in trying to outrun them.  The Noreason was a fast ship, but they could never outrun this sleek boat.  Copernicu brought his companions together on deck.  "We’ll deal with them in a sensible manner.  Perhaps they are just wondering who we are.  They may want nothing of us."Hereck nodded but said, "The clouds are an evil omen.  The rain has not come for days.  I think we should take caution."Copernicus nodded in agreement.  Caution was never bad advice.  It should be taken into mind in any situation out here on the high seas.The boat pulled up along side the Noreason now.  Copernicus and Sedison had relit two lamps and watched in awe as the great dragon’s head at the bow of the ship passed by slowly in the now calm waters.  It was carved by hand, and was a beautiful work of art.  The mouth was open in a perpetual roar.  The companions could see men on the deck of the ship in the light.  They were lions, wearing heavy furs and large metal helmets with great horns.  One of them, surrounded on either side by his guards called out to them from the deck of his ship, "Who goes there, sailing the Norse seas!"Copernicus hesitated a moment, wondering if he should say something other than the truth.  He decided against that though, and called out to the leader.  "We are the voyagers of the Noreason.  I am Copernicus, captain of this vessel."The captain seemed to grin.  The light of the orange torches shimmered on his white teeth and his red mane.  He held his large, fur-covered hand up in the air, signaling to his crewman, all dressed in haevy armor and old metal helms.  "These are the ones we have been looking for!" At first Copernicus was frightened.  He had visions of the entire crew of lions attacking his vessel, swarming aboard and taking them prisoner at their Lord’s command.But no such thing happened.  Indeed, three great booming strikes on a great drum thundered out into the night, and the lions all threw their hand to the sky and yelled in jubilation.  The torches danced about in the night and the sailors of the dragon vessel continued to cry out and yell in a great chorus.  The crew smiles as they listen to the lions break out into a glorious song:We’ve seen a thousand sunsA thousand tells we’ve spunBut no great story could tellThe beauty of the sea beneath a great, black sailA thousand spears sail outBefore the dawn doth sproutA thousand rays upon the skyWe are valiant andMake a thousand maidens cryCalidra come as she willWe will fight with our best of skillLeaving the shadow of the cliffs behindWe shall never sleep untilOur maidens sleep with peace of mindAmidst all the noise and ruckus, the captain of the vessel climbs aboard the Noreason with Hereck’s help.  Standing a head taller than Hereck, he looks down on the small Copernicus and speaks.  "We have searched for you for three days and a fortnight.  It is good to meet you at last, great Copernicus, tamer of the Sea Serpent Calidra."  The great lion bows to Copernicus, removing his helm, his shiny red mane falling out in a shaggy tumult.Copernicus stood for a moment, again looking to his fellow crew members for some sign of what to make of this.  At last, still not quite making anything of the incident, Copernicus spoke, "Thank you, great warrior.  I am at your service.""Ha ha," the lion let out a mighty roaar.  "You are a hero, Captain.  My people have come to celebrate your victory."  The Lord emphasized his words by making a great fist and clenching before his face."I’m afraid I don’t understand," Copernicus said, yelling over the noise of the neighboring vessel.The lion captain spoke in a loud voice, but hardly a yell for him, "I am Eric, Lord of the Norsemen of Fjellidan.  For centuries now, our people, have sought to beat the sea monster Calidra.  Every year, during the winter, we set sail for the high seas, knowing that Calidra never fails to inhabit these waters in this season.  The evil monster reeks havoc on our villages, causing great waves and a great loss of fish.  Never have our warriors suceeded in taming the great monster, but across the seas, from merchants and fisherman alike we have heard stories of your wonderous warriors and daring deeds.  You have braved the Pirates of the Celestra Seas, tamed the Dragon Sungsoon, and beaten back the great sea monster Calidra.  Now perhaps you see why my men celebrate your appearance.  It is a good omen indeed.  We can head home now, with you in our wake, if you would be so honored, and celebrate the victory as all victories should be celebrated!"  At this, the warriors, who had been quiet for a while now, listening to their captian speak, broke out again in cheers and yells.Copernicus looked around his crew for suggestions.  Although nothing was said, he could see that his crew could use a break from the sea and the sail.  None could deny that it would be more than pleasant to be celebrated as "heroes", though none of them could see themselves as such.  So, with the dragon vessel in the lead, and the Noreason close behind, they sailed for Fjellidan, the crew quietly listening to the songs of the vikings in the night.In this way they sailed throught the night, and continued to sail during the day.  Copernicus boarded the dragon vessel after breakfast, at the Lord’s request.  The crew, busy pulling their oars through the rough blue seas, smiled at Copernicus as he walked by.  Copernicus was shocked.  He had never felt this way.  It seemed that he inspired something deep within these men.  Their goldn mane’s and strong arms made Copernicus feel weak and small, and yet they looked at him as though he were ten heads taller than themselves.  He walked with a faster gait and even a little bit of a strut in his pride, without even realizing he was doing it."Your skies are so grey, Captain," said Copernicus to the Chief of the Fjellidans."Yes, we live in the coldest region of the Archipelago.  It is rare that we see the sun, but you will find that my people do not seek it, either.  We enjoy the wind and the cold breeze of the sea.  The captain brandished one of his great smiles, baring his teeth, his mane blowing in the wind, "It is what makes us appreciate the warm fires of our homesteads."Copernicus, seeing the great joy and bravery in the eyes of the lion before him, could not help but share in the joy of that warm homefire.  Memories of days in his own home, warm fires and mugs of hot choclate flowed through his mind.  He could not help but smile, despite the bitter wind."What of your lives?  Tell me of your homes and how you live," Copernicus continued.Standing on the bow of the thin ship, the cold breeze of the sea struck the two figures.  Lord Eric’s deep purple cape fluttered in the wind, and his red mane shown brilliantly, even without the light of the sun to emphasize it.  "We are a peaceful people.  Though we carry weapons, wear armor, and bear sheilds, it is only because we live in an area of the world that cannot hide itself from danger and the threat of destruction by untold of creatures in the night. We farm what we can, and throw our nets to the sea to catch what the maker will grant us.  We love our families and love the sea.  I have known few Norsemen who did not seek life out on the sea at one time or another in their lives."  Eric looked back to his men, standing guard, rowing and moving about the ship, going about their various tasks.  He could not hide from Copernicus, his soft compassion for each of those men.  And Copernicus knew that the bravery of the Lord lied in the width of his heart."You have made our seas a safer place, Copernicus.  For that, I cannot thank you enough.  Many a good man has lost his life on the high seas, having been taken by Calidra."  With that, the young lord looked down to the water, as though he could see through it to the graves of those men, and wish them peace.  Speaking his thoughts aloud, the Lord continued, "Those men’s souls will rest easy in the halls of Valhalla now that she is gone.""Valhalla?" asked Copernicus, curious.A glow overcame the Lord’s eyes.  His face intensified as he seemed to go to this place that he imagined in his mind.  Looking at Copernicus, his brows still knit together in a fierce glare, "Valhalla is where all the warriors go to sit upon great thrones and halls to celebrate the day.  Then, when the maker declares it, they go to  battle.  There is no fear, for all are immortal here.  There is only the challenge and the victory, for no side ever loses.  It is the glory of war, released from the shadow of death.""How fascinating," said Copernicus."Yes!" bellowed Eric, and with a slap on Copernicus shoulder, he announced, "I am sure that you will have a great throne there.  You are a mighty warrior!"  Cries from the sailors rowing sounded out across the ship.Copernicus stood for a moment, basking in the glory of his newfound status, but then, growing thoughtful, he questioned Eric, "You call me a valiant warrior, and yet I carry no sword and wear no armor.  Why?""A hero is not a hero because he kills.  A hero can die swordless if stands to his enemy.  A hero is a man who is brave and acts out of fear to save his friends and followers.  Whether it be through thought or weapon, a hero will find victory.""I see," said Copernicus satisfied.  Then, after a moment of silence, he told the captain, "I must return to my ship.  My crew and I have things to discuss before reaching Fjellidan.""Very well.  We have been honored to have you aboard, Captain.  We shall reach Northkalest by evening.  It is my home village.""Thank you again, Captain," Copernicus said, shaking the mighty warrior’s hand.  And then, after a thought, Copernicus said, "I have not seen my home in some time.  It will warm my heart to see someone who will."  With that, Copernicus turned and walked away to board the Noreason, now sailing alongside the dragon vessel."Perhaps this place, like the others will have a piece to the machine.  Is there a wonder here?" asked Sedison, anxiously.Copernicus laid out the map of the Archipelgo on the ornate table in the map room of the ship.  Just below deck, beneath the captain’s chambers, the crew had found a map room behind a secret door at the end of a corridor.  They hadn’t had a chance to investigate the maps until they had left Taozen.  Looking back, Copernicus had wished that he might have foudn the room sooner.  There were at least a thousand maps in the room, and they would have been of great value to the crew earlier in their voyages.Nonetheless, Copernicus, Hereck, Sedison all looked at the map of Fjellidan closely, peering over every inch to find some clue as to what they were looking for.  Sedison had postulated that there were reasonably seven pieces missing from the machine, even though he had yet to discover what the machine did.  However, he had concluded that since there were seven islands with seven wonders, there may very well be seven pieces hidden within each."It is becoming ocvious that these monuments, although considered important by the cultures of these islands for various reasons, were built to hide these pieces.  Something very large was at work.""No," said Hereck.  "These monuments were simply the most recognizable things that could be found in the Archipelago.  Whoever hid the pieces to the machine simply hid them within the already existing monuments, knowing that the people of the isles would guard them with great reverence.""Well," said Copernicus, "whatever the case, there is a wonder in Fjellidan, and we should be able to gain entrance to it easily, now that we ae considered heroes among the Fjellidan people.""That is likely," agreed Hereck."Here is the village of Northkalest," said Copernicus, pointing to the map.  "Just north of the village is a mountain known as the Great Greymond.  Atop this mountain is a pleatueau, and there we’ll find a great stone monument made up of stones stood in a circle.  I am not sure what purpose it serves, but this is a sketch I made using my telescope once."  Copernicus held out a yellowed piece of parchment, with pencil marks all across it.  Several equations and coordiantes were written in the corners and the margins, as well as scratch arithmetic.  In the center was a drawing of great stones stood upright in the shape of a circle, with large stones laid across the tops of pairs of the standing stones.Sedison took the sketch and looked it over for a second. "It could be a clock of some kind, perhaps similar to a sundial, or yearly calendar."  He handed it to Herck."It could be a place of worship or a grave, a monument to a great hero perhaps.