That Time Larry Told me to Fuck Off

At one point in my life I was back in the same old town, the same old place—after having shot off like a rocket to New York City. But New York didn't fail me. It just got too synthetic for me. The fun was gone. And I had to go somewhere and do something new. I went home; right back to Clemzon, South Cackalacky. Home of the Sandlappers.

My parents had lived in that town for decades. What a paradise it was and how innocent I was not to see it. Now I had my chance to see it with expanded vision.

[picture of bridge at night]

[picture of rainbow over the old Holiday Inn—where we stayed.]

Second chances are real, and they're a deeper dive into the wealth of life’s prospects. Keep that chocolate in your mouth; don't chew. Savor the richness.

ANYWAY
My mother knew the mayor of Clemson who was also a therapist, and she arranged for us to meet after I had come crashing down from orbit in New York City. His name was Larry Abernathy. He was a man that made you happy just to see him coming. At this time, he was in a wheelchair. He had lost a foot due to diabetes. Larry had a big office in the new Clemson municipal building—ugh. I could and would go on diatribes about how the placement of these buildings ruined the city layout. He'd chuckle about that.

Larry and I talked about motorcycles and driving through the countryside where you can actually sense the creek coming as you ride down the road and over the hill. It comes on you like a breath of air encompassing your whole body. Even wearing leather jeans, jacket, and a helmet, the moisture seeps into your pores as you ride the gravity down. At the bottom, sure enough, there is a beautiful, babbling creek.

One day, Larry asked me, "What would it take for you to end all this?"

I was reticent.

"Have you ever thought about killing yourself?"

As I enjoyed the comfortable, all-encompassing seat that Larry gave his guests, I said nothing.

"The thing is, Russell, all this talk about going through the world on a motorbike, taking pictures of it -- it's temporary."

I listened, but I couldn't look at Larry's silhouette against his awards and accolades; his shelves were full of them. I wish I'd had the forethought to read the bookends on his bookshelf. Instead, being young, I looked at the floor.

"You're temporary” is what I heard.

"Okay, let me put it another way, Russell. Russell, look at me." I looked up." All this talk about travel and... listen, man, you just don't strike me as someone who'd kill himself before he would just fuck off to Patagonia.” And I noticed that he was leaning into his desk. When he said Patagonia, his hand just flew from his shoulder toward the window.

I thought hard; world geography running through my brain; Patagonia? Never heard of it. And that made me smile. It made Larry smile, too.

“See, man? Just fuck off.”

And I carry that thought with me. Larry’s gone, but I’m still here. What now?
