That Time Larry Told me to Fuck Off

At one point in my life I was back in the same old town, the same old place—after having shot off like a rocket to New York City! And New York didn't fail me. It just got too commercial. The fun was gone. And I had to go somewhere and do something new. I went home; right back to Clemson [correct pronunciation], South Cackalacky. Home of the Sandlappers.

My parents had lived in that town for QUITE a while. What a paradise it was; what a child I was to not see it. But I had my chance to see it right.

[picture of bridge at night]
<tumblr_n8j5r5ujXV1rsijsso1_640.jpeg>

[picture of rainbow over the old Holiday Inn—where we stayed.]
<IMG_0088.jpeg>
Second chances are real, and they're like savoring life. Keep that chocolate in your mouth; don't chew! Savor it!

ANYWAY

My mother knew the mayor of Clemson. She arranged for us to meet after I had come crashing down from orbit in New York City. His name was Larry Abernathy. He was a man that made you happy to see him coming. He was in a wheelchair. He had lost a leg due to diabetes. He had a big office in the new Clemson municipal building—ugh. I could and would go on diatribes about how the placement of these buildings ruined the city layout. He'd chuckle about that.

Larry and I talked about motorcycles and driving through the countryside when you can actually feel the creek coming as you ride down the road, the hill. It comes on you like a breath of wind over your whole body. Even wearing leather jeans, jackets, helmets, the moisture seeps into your pores as you ride the gravity down. And downhill, there's always a creek.

One day, Larry asked me, "What would it take for you to end all this?"

I was reticent.

"Have you ever thought about killing yourself?"

I sat down in the comfortable seat that Larry gave his guests. I sat comfortable and said nothing.

"The thing is, Russell, all this talk about going through the world on a motorbike, taking pictures of it... it's temporary."

I listened, but I couldn't look at Larry's silhouette against his awards and accolades; his shelves were full of them. I wish I'd had the wisdom to read the bookends on his bookshelf. Instead, young, I looked at the floor.

"You're temporary.”

“…"

"Okay, let me put it another way, Russell. Russell, look at me." I looked up. "All this talk about travel and... listen, man, you just don't strike me as someone who'd kill themselves before they would just fuck off to Patagonia.” And I saw he was leaning into his desk. When he said Patagonia, his hand just flew from his shoulder toward the window.

I thought hard; world geography running through my brain; Patagonia? Never heard of it. And that made me smile. It made Larry smile, too.

“See, man? Just fuck off.”

And I proceeded to.
